1.The grocery list consists of items the users want to buy at a grocery store. To realize this requirement, I have created four clases: GroceryList , User , Item and GroceryStore. Since GroceryList can have multiple items, I have made the relation between both an aggregation and indicated same in the diagram.Also since each list is for a particular user , I made the GroceryList class a composition of the user, meaning the grocery list associated with a user ceases to exist when the user object is detroyed.

2.The application must allow users to add items to a list, delete items from a list, and change the quantity of items in the list (e.g., change from one to two pounds of apples). To realize this requirement, I have added the following operation to GroceryStore class which can also be access by the User class because of the unidirectional association relationship between User and GroceryStore class:addItem,deleteItem and changeItemQty.The additem operation will handle the requriemnet of adding an item to a grocery list, the deleteItem operation delete an Item from the grocery list and changeItemQty operation will change the quantity of an item that was already added to the grocery list.

3.The application must contain a database (DB) of items and corresponding item types.The Item class, with added attribute "type" and "name" will take care of this requirement.Although this design assume that we have functioning database of items and item type which is set by the database administrator.

4.Users must be able to add items to a list by picking them from a hierarchical list, where the first level is the item type (e.g., cereal), and the second level is the name of the actual item (e.g., shredded wheat). After adding an item, users must be able to specify a quantity for that item.To realized this requirement I've added the  attribute "listOfItemType", this is a static variable that consist of the list of all the item type available in the grocery store. The user will select a value from this list and the selected value will be pass as parameter to the "selectAllItemByType" operation in SaveDB data access class which is responsible for fetching all item from the database that correspond to the selected type.

5.Users must also be able to specify an item by typing its name. In this case, the application must look in its DB for items with similar names and ask the users, for each of them, whether that is the item they intended to add. If a match cannot be found, the application must ask the user to select a type for the item and then save the new item, together with its type.To realize this requirement , I have added the "name" attribute to the User class.The value of the name attribute will be pass as parameter to the "selectAllItemByName" operation in SaveDB class which will then return a list of items that matches the name entered by the user. I added an operation called saveItem that will be called by the User to save the new item into the database in the event that no match is found.

6.Lists must be saved automatically and immediately after they are modified. I added the "saveGroceryList" operation in the SaveDB utility class.

7.Users must be able to check off items in a list (without deleting them). To realize this requirement I have added the attribute "CheckOff" consisting of key-value pair, in this case the key is the item name while the value is a boolean flag indicating whether the item is checkoff or not.

8.Users must also be able to clear all the check-off marks in a list at once.To realized this requirement I have added the operation "checkOff" to the GroceryStore class, again this operation will be use by the User class.This operation takes no parameter and should turn off every check-off flag .

9.Check-off marks for a list are persistent and must also be saved immediately. To realized this requirement I have added saveCheckOffList operation to the saveDB utility class which can be called be the User.

10.The application must present the items in a list grouped by type, so as to allow users to shop for a specific type of products at once (i.e., without having to go back and forth between aisles).To realize this requirement I have added the operation "selectAllItemByType" in the saveDB class , depending on the type selected  the selectAllItemByType  operation will populated the listOfItem attribute in the GroceryStore class with the list of all item in the database of the selected type.

11.The application must support multiple lists at a time (e.g., “weekly grocery list”, “monthly farmer’s market list”). Therefore, the application must provide the users with the ability to create, (re)name, select, and delete lists. To realized this requirement I have  multiplicity  to the relationship between the USer class and the GroceryList class i.e a User can have multiple list.I have realize the second part of the  requirement by adding the following operation in the GroceryStore class: create , rename , select and delete.The create creates a new grocery list  with the name.The rename operation take two parameter, the groceryList and the new name we wish to call it.The select operation takes a groceryList as parameter and makes it the current groceryList of the User class. The delete operation take a groceryList as parameter and delete the  it from the list of groceryList.I added another attribute to the user class called "listofGroceryList" this is used to keep track of all the groceryList currently maintained by a user.    


12.The User Interface (UI) must be intuitive and responsive.Not considered because it does not affect the design directly.

